too many powers here after
a good time of not uploading something about two months nokia
Well here I am again this
with a new recommendation of a fire that he caught my attention
it is a village
general symbian stopped that are handled touch screen
the east and it's called
at first it is
no no
that requirement
possible
something like that in a sentence the last point in common
I do not lie to them
they do not do it to us
but well let's see 900
they remain as they will see
the friends
lecce have no idea of ​​platón
in fact he again
ys
but well in fact it was not created even with the microphone that I usually do
so if one does not listen very well an apology
because there they are still
let's go to the point
We do not know what he does but I still recommend him. Ponce said they are
his concerts
I feel that characteristic of the 11
Well, that's the only thing
I think we got to our hand
efe I take away the basics very safe
it seems a little clearer
although he did not accept roll with the bacterium
promotion
what they are
games
says on television of the 70s
geo does not usually project said that
almost almost it was not silly that it's a problem for the company but
honestly
it's very slow I did not like it
if it is still with the camera of the present
what we try anuntis sarkic society is common that they have called
it's a saná game 1 - game
ips the button on your pc thinks it's about the game it's basically about him
hence, not only do we have a ball
a pebble whatever they want, whatever they want to call it
always think
little ball standing on the street that was touching a star
it sounds silly, he did not hear
now they will see how you have to see it
we have not been
because we passed first level
we were not 20 seconds
because use of mex
despite the ball that I mentioned
is this thing of gispasa piety
now they have to do
any trace costs are conducive to them
is he with food
his consolation I do not know will take will be part of the game for example I
I'm going to do
photo circulated a way like a dream
and simple becomes a part of the bonus for not being an instrument
a second three-year emotion
take the ball
we remember he was imposed to the next level
it's funny I do not know
flaminio stone years since I got the star
these an expression
the oil does not come out
what I say
kingdom of lion
if one of yours
an inconvenience that I did not like about this game
and is that they have not found the same to leave
I have to leave this forcibly that they entered the application
to the force ponce de león
- among others
If someone finds a way out, do not disintegrate that force the
application
I'm going to thank you for feeling
we passed first level
because of a hijacking things have gone faster
none of us want to achieve work
do not worry
you do not know with the zoom I do not want to be curious
a game
I do not know how many levels
of course if I could pass level 2
they are given more power
because the last try but out a small
of that attempt reviewed this order
napier of this guy that I'm standing
what did not happen to him
wr roque I am not good for this but it is a game that I recommend
I hope you can not
play better than me
hope so
hit
let's go out today's recommendation I hope joan game soteras from
in
will put an exception limit on the exception
Encourage good comments
and well I hope they do not delay in now there is only
for a video about nokia
and then that would be all for a moment
they are written I know if they are not subscribed this
and then we are in contact